In other cases, it might be acceptable to drop values associated with data entry errors,
mechanical issues or because the missing data isn't useful for our question of interest.
An example of this,
might be if we were measuring running pace of an individual based on GPS.
They go through a wooded area without a GPS signal,
dropping these values might be better than imputing the values that actually aren't true.
Imputing values here is basically just lying.
Lukma aren't super-fast today,
were not real, but I made numbers that makes it look like I did.
Dropping these values would be reasonable and depending on how much data you collect,
it might not matter much at all.
Another example, might be if we were interested in predicting the price,
people pay for cars.
But some people don't own cars.
Well now, we can drop these rows, no problem.
These individuals do not help answer our question of interest.
In this case, the NaN value is useful as an indicator for people who don't have cars.
These two cases are both acceptable cases for dropping missing values.